# Bivee assets

Base CSS & graphics for all Bivee-branded sites.

## Installation

Eventually this will be an NPM module that you can install and build, but in the meantime just download this repository into your project folder.

This "kit" includes base CSS (as Sass files), JS templates, our brand fonts (Aspira and Galaxie Copernicus), and evergreen graphics (icons, logos, etc. in web-optimized formats). 

Additionally, it includes a build workflow based on NPM scripts and Webpack which you can use to compile and bundle Sass and Javascript. This is optional, but might make life easier depending on the platform your site is built on. The workflow is set up for static html, but you can tweak it pretty easily to work with platforms like Middleman, Wordpress, and Vagrant. Just modify the scripts/file paths in `package.json` and `webpack.config.js`.

### Getting started

1. Once you've downloaded this repo, run `npm run start`. This will build [Modernizr](https://modernizr.com), set up the Javascript bundles, and compile the Sass.
2. Now set up your `index.html` (or whatever templates you'd like to use for the entry page) in the project root. In the `head`, add links for `assets/javascripts/critical.bundle.js` and `assets/stylesheets/main.css`. At the bottom of the `body` tag, add a link for `assets/javascripts/bundle.js` (this is the 'non critical' JS that can loaded after everything else, like jQuery).
3. Now do `npm run dev`. This will set up a local server at `localhost:3000`. You should see your index.html page in all its glory. Sass and Javascript will automatically recompile when you save. [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io) will reload the browser each time a file changes (and it can also sync other devices, like your phone's browser, if you'd like).
4. To compile once (for instance, if you wanted to push to production), just run `npm run build`.

### Configuration

This setup is as simple as possible and meant to be platform-agnostic, but you may need to tweak certain things to suit your specific project.

#### Source and build paths

By default, Sass and Javascript are compiled to the same folder as their source (ie, `assets/stylesheets/main.scss` compiles to `assets/stylesheets/main.css`). You can change this by modifying the file paths under `config` in `package.json` (e.g. `css_src` and `js_src`), and in `webpack.config.js` under `modulePath`, `resolve`, and `output`.

#### Modernizr

A custom build of [Modernizr](https://modernizr.com) is generated by NPM from a config file located at `assets/javascripts/vendor/modernizr.config.json`. The config file specifies the features you want Modernizr to test for (like Flexbox or CSS Gradients). 

Right now it includes a basic set of features we use frequently, but you can add more (or less) easily. Just go to [Modernizr's build site](https://modernizr.com/download#setclasses) and check off the features you want. Then click "BUILD" on the top-right, and click "Copy to clipboard" beside "Command Line Config." Open up `modernizr.config.json` and paste in the config from the website. Run `npm run modernizr` once more and you'll have a new custom build with the features you selected.
